RHDEVDOCS-6448: Content creation for Local user management in Argo CD (#98698)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-token-storage-and-access.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * accesscontrol_usermanagement/managing-local-users-in-argo-cd.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="gitops-token-storage-and-access_{context}"]
= Token storage and access

For each local user, the Argo CD Operator creates a Kubernetes secret in the same namespace as the Argo CD instance. The secret name follows the format `{username}-local-user`.

> 
> .Example user secret
> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example secret...

[source,yaml]
```

----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: api-user-local-user
  namespace: argocd
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/component: local-users
    app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: argocd-operator
type: Opaque
data:
  apiToken: <base64-encoded-jwt-token>
  user: <base64-encoded-username>
  expAt: <base64-encoded-expiration-timestamp>
  tokenLifetime: <base64-encoded-lifetime-setting>

>   autoRenew: <base64-encoded-auto-renew-setting>

Reviewer: if this is an example, it should not have variables, but real example values. You can also kind of work around if by just removing the angle brackets

----

> [NOTE]
> ====
> The values in the secret are base64-encoded. You must decode them before using.
> ====

Reviewer: Again, it seems like an information that should not be desregarded:
```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
The values in the secret are base64-encoded. You must decode them before using.
====
```

Author: Fixed.

== Retrieving tokens

To retrieve a user's API token from the Kubernetes secret, run the following command:

[source,terminal]
----

> kubectl get secret api-user-local-user -n argocd -o jsonpath='{.data.apiToken}' | base64 -d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get secret api-user-local-user -n argocd -o jsonpath='{.data.apiToken}' | base64 -d
```

> == Retrieving tokens
> 
> To retrieve a user's API token from the Kubernetes secret, run the following command:
> 
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> kubectl get secret api-user-local-user -n argocd -o jsonpath='{.data.apiToken}' | base64 -d
> ----

Reviewer: Again, this cannot be in a conceptual module. This also prohibits having the heading in gerund, see:  https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#concept-module-guidelines, section "concept body"

```suggestion
Retrieving tokens::
You can retrieve a user's API token from the Kubernetes secret, as shown in the following example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get secret api-user-local-user -n argocd -o jsonpath='{.data.apiToken}' | base64 -d
----
```

> == Using tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using tokens::
```

> To use the retrieved token with the Argo CD CLI, run the following command:  

Reviewer 2: Should make it clear this is an example, there are other commands that can be run aside from `app list`

Author: We can leave this as is because we want users to stick to an approach. Giving them too many options may get them distracted @jopit.

> As an example, you can use the retrieved token with the Argo CD CLI to list applications by running the following command. The token can also be used with other Argo CD CLI commands in a similar way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, you can use the retrieved token with the Argo CD CLI to list applications, as shown in the following example. The token can also be used with other Argo CD CLI commands in a similar way.
```

> 
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> argocd --server <argocd-server> --auth-token <token> app list
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[source,terminal]
----
$ argocd --server <argocd-server> --auth-token <token> app list
----
```

Author: Fixed.
